More environment references (#7015)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/getting-started/migrate-to-umbraco-cloud.md

11. Check the "Terms and conditions" box.
12. Click **Create Project**.

Once the project is set up:

1. Select **Configure environments**.

> 2. Add an new **mainline environment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a new **mainline environment**.
```

>     * Throughout this guide we will refer to this environment as the **Development environment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Throughout this guide, the mainline environment will be referred to as the **Development environment**.
```
